#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CAILLOU" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CAILLOU
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CUENTRO GREEM" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CUENTRO GREEM
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/6
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  LOS SIMPSON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  LOS SIMPSON
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  SOUTH PARK" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  SOUTH PARK
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/9
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  THE WALKING DEAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  THE WALKING DEAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/10
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ALF" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ALF
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/11
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/13
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/14
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BOB ESPONJA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BOB ESPONJA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/16
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BREAKING  BAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BREAKING  BAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/17
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/18
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CANTINFLAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CANTINFLAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/19
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CSI: MIAMI" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CSI: MIAMI
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/21
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Death note" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Death note
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/22
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/23
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/25
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/26
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/27
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 El AvispÃ³n Verde" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 El AvispÃ³n Verde
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/28
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/29
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/30
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHEMA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHEMA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/31
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/32
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/33
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL SEÃ‘OR DE LOS CIELOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL SEÃ‘OR DE LOS CIELOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/34
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 FUTURAMA 1999" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 FUTURAMA 1999
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/35
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/36
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 He-Man" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 He-Man
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/37
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HÃ‰ROES EN PIJAMAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HÃ‰ROES EN PIJAMAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/38
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/39
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/40
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/41
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA HORA PICO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA HORA PICO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/42
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/44
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/45
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/46
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LAZY TOWN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LAZY TOWN
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/47
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/48
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/49
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/50
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/52
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Mazinger Z" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Mazinger Z
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/53
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Naruto" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Naruto
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/55
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Peliculas de terror" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Peliculas de terror
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/57
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/58
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PEPPA PIG" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PEPPA PIG
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/59
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/60
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PokÃ©mon" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PokÃ©mon
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/61
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 POWER RANGERS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 POWER RANGERS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/62
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ROBOTECH" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ROBOTECH
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/63
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SAILOR MOON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SAILOR MOON
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/64
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 1
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/65
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/66
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SHERA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SHERA
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/67
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SMALLVILLE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SMALLVILLE
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/68
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SPIDER-MAN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SPIDER-MAN
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/69
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 STRANGER THINGS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 STRANGER THINGS
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/70
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/71
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 THUNDERCAST" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 THUNDERCAST
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/72
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 XMEN ANIME" tvg-logo="https://images3.alphacoders.com/867/thumb-1920-867349.png" group-title="24/7",24/7 XMEN ANIME
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/73
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/258
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Animal Planet LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Animal Planet LatinoamÃ©rica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/259
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Axn" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Axn
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/263
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/265
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/267
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/274
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/275
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CineLatino" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:CineLatino
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/276
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CNN en EspaÃ±ol" tvg-logo="" group-title="NOTICIAS",MrZutv.net:CNN en EspaÃ±ol
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/279
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/283
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/284
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/286
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Channel MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney Channel MÃ©xico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/287
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/288
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/289
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FoX Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FoX Channel
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/295
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/297
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/300
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/301
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/302
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FX" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FX
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/306
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/307
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/309
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/310
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/311
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO LatinoamÃ©rica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/312
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/313
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:History LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:History LatinoamÃ©rica
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/315
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/321
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas MÃ©xico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/324
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MTV Latino" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:MTV Latino
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/329
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/333
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/334
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/335
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/336
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/340
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Sony Channel Sur" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Sony Channel Sur
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/344
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Space MExico" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Space MExico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/345
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Studio Universal" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Studio Universal
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/346
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Tcl" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Tcl
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/349
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:TNT AmÃ©rica Latina" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:TNT AmÃ©rica Latina
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/351
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:TNT Series MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:TNT Series MÃ©xico
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/352
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Universal TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Universal TV
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/355
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Warner Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Warner Channel
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/359
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="url vencida" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",url vencida
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/372
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="PARTIDO DE HOY " tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES DE HOY ",PARTIDO DE HOY 
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/564
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="PARTIDO DE HOY 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES DE HOY ",PARTIDO DE HOY 2
http://5.9.30.198:2086/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/asdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdvasdfvgasfdv/565
